Support multiple TLS/SSL configurations on the webserver (#27460)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/http.markdown

```

{% configuration %}
servers:
  description: "List of servers"
  required: false
  type: list
  keys:
    server_host:

>       description: "Only listen to incoming requests on specific IP/host. By default the `http` integration auto-detects IPv4/IPv6 and listens on all connections. Use `server_host: 0.0.0.0` if you want to only listen to IPv4 addresses. The default listed assumes support for IPv4 and IPv6."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: "Only listen to incoming requests on specific IP/host. By default, the `http` integration auto-detects IPv4/IPv6 and listens on all connections. Use `server_host: 0.0.0.0` if you want to only listen to IPv4 addresses. The default listed assumes support for IPv4 and IPv6."
```

      required: false
      type: [list, string]
      default: "0.0.0.0, ::"
    server_port:

>       description: Let you set a port to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Let's you set a port to use.
```

>       description: Let's you set a port to use.

Author: ```suggestion
      description: "Let's you set a port to use."
```

      required: false
      type: integer
      default: 8123
    ssl_certificate:

>       description: Path to your TLS/SSL certificate to serve Home Assistant over a secure connection. If using the [Let's Encrypt add-on](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/letsencrypt) this will be at `/ssl/fullchain.pem`. We recommend to use the [NGINX add-on](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/nginx_proxy) instead of using this option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Path to your TLS/SSL certificate to serve Home Assistant over a secure connection. If using the [Let's Encrypt add-on](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/letsencrypt), this will be at `/ssl/fullchain.pem`. We recommend to use the [NGINX add-on](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/nginx_proxy) instead of using this option.
```

      required: false
      type: string
    ssl_peer_certificate:

>       description: Path to the client/peer TLS/SSL certificate to accept secure connections from.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Path to the client/peer TLS/SSL certificate to accept secure connections from.
```
```suggestion
      description: Path to the client/peer TLS/SSL certificate from which you want to accept secure connections.
```
Just a suggestion. I find this wording easier to understand.

      required: false
      type: string
    ssl_key:

>       description: Path to your TLS/SSL key to serve Home Assistant over a secure connection. If using the [Let's Encrypt add-on](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/letsencrypt) this will be at `/ssl/privkey.pem`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Path to your TLS/SSL key to serve Home Assistant over a secure connection. If using the [Let's Encrypt add-on](https://github.com/home-assistant/addons/tree/master/letsencrypt), this will be at `/ssl/privkey.pem`.
```

      required: false
      type: string
    ssl_profile:

>       description: The [Mozilla SSL profile](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS) to use. Only lower if you are experiencing integrations causing SSL handshake errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: The [Mozilla SSL profile](https://wiki.mozilla.org/Security/Server_Side_TLS) to use. Only lower the configuration (options: modern, intermediate, old), if integrations cause SSL handshake errors.
```

The [Set up encryption using Let's Encrypt](/blog/2015/12/13/setup-encryption-using-lets-encrypt/) blog post gives you details about the encryption of your traffic using free certificates from [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/).

## Multiple Servers (TLS/SSL Configuration per port)

> For most use cases, configure the first server with the most secure settings when using multiple servers, as it will be used by default when determining the external URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For most use cases, configure the first server with the most secure settings when using multiple servers. This is the server that will be used by default when determining the external URL.
```

> The sample below will listen on multiple ports, which can be helpful for devices that use webhooks that do not work with SSL or use an older TLS/SSL standard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example below shows a configuration that allows listening on multiple ports. This can be helpful for devices that use webhooks that do not work with SSL or use an older TLS/SSL standard.
```
